My fever seems to be down.
Full Recovery
It's all thanks to Prince Duke's medicine!
That was a life-saving measure! Nothing more!
To Prince Duke, I'm like
a little sister at most.
Don't think about it!
More importantly...
As a villainess, there's someone
else I should be thinking about.
And that's...
the heroine.
I'm gonna infiltrate the Magic
Academy to investigate!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and Trespassing
Well, clearly...
Lost
I'm lost!
This campus is just too big!
I want to ask someone how to
get to the school building,
but if they knew a child like me found their way in here, I'd get thrown out.
Excuse me...
Are you all right?
Are you lost, perhaps?
Um, I...
I'm Liz. Liz Cather.
Cather?
I've never heard that surname before.
Oh! I'm a commoner, you see.
My family owns the town bakery.
Huh?
Commoner
A commoner who entered the Magic Academy?
She's the heroine!
She didn't have a name or
any visuals in the game,
so I didn't recognize her!
Um, so...
Would you tell me your name, too?
I'm Alicia. Alicia Williams.
Alicia, is it? So where are you
trying to go, Alicia dear?
Uh... The school building.
Oh, I see! Well, then,
you want to go this way.
W-Wait!
She's being so friendly!
She ought to know her place...
I guess I can't say that, though.
She was chosen to get into this school
on a scholarship based on her merits.
I'm sure she's been treated
unfairly due to her status.
She's still far ahead of me.
But I'll become her equal one day!
Come to think of it, isn't "Williams"...
Miss Liz!
Everyone!
I just found this little lost girl...
Huh?
Alicia?
I was almost spotted by other students.
And now I owe a debt to the heroine.
I'm a failure as a villainess.
That's...
Prince Duke!
Duke!
Liz.
I just found a cute little
girl a few moments ago!
Miss Liz and Prince Duke
look so right together.
I thought she must have been lost,
but then she suddenly disappeared.
I know! A commoner and a prince...
A love that defies class!
You haven't seen her, have you?
If you do see her, let me know.
Oh! Also, I'm thinking of having
a tea party after school today.
I heard that when someone hid Miss Liz's
textbooks, Prince Duke found them.
I'm rooting for their romance!
Would you like to come?
Or are you too busy?
Me too!
If things go the way they did in the game,
Liz Cather will end up with Prince Duke.
Maybe it's only natural
that they're so close.
Classes are in session now,
so no one will spot me if I go inside!
As long as I'm here, I might
as well scope out the school!
Now I know I'm in the Magic Academy!
It has so many books about magic!
I can't wait to start attending here!
There's something written there.
Listen to this!
There's this amazing little
girl in the reference room!
A little girl? This isn't
a visitation day, though.
You know how there's a new task posted
on the blackboard in there every week?
She was writing an answer
at breakneck speed!
What? But those tasks are always super hard.
I think the current one was...
"Explain how Laval might be brought
under this country's jurisdiction."
If she can answer a question like that,
she must be the daughter
of some noble family.
Yeah, maybe!
She looked about ten years
old and had black hair.
Please don't tell me...
It's exactly what you think, I'm sure.
"Use the economic collapse
of Duran to isolate Laval.
Once Laval is impoverished, we pretend
to help them, then stake our claim," huh?
What ten-year-old girl
would come up with that?
Looks like a pretty
villainess-worthy answer to me.
A...
Alicia!
I really don't think Albert needed
to scold me for that long.
A Divergent?!
That was Father's voice.
Are you saying she's dangerous?
I'm saying caution is necessary.
That man he's with is Lord Joan.
Her abilities are far outside the norm.
He said "Divergent." Did he mean...
It's highly likely that she's a Divergent.
Who's there?!
Alicia...
How much did you hear?
We have no choice. I'll erase her memories.
Understand, Arnold?
I-I...
I'll keep quiet!
I won't tell anyone that
Liz Cather is a Divergent!
Liz Cather?
In the game, the heroine's exceptional
talents are regarded as dangerous.
Um... Then you'll pretend you never
heard any of this conversation?
Yes, but...
She didn't seem like someone who
would bring harm to the kingdom,
so I don't think we need to worry.
I see...
Wait, you've met her?
Uh... It's just a feeling I get!
I-It's quite late, so I
should retire to bed now.
Please excuse me.
The Five Great Noble Families
have their eye on her now?
I hate to admit it, but well done, heroine.
I can't fall too far behind!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
That sounds awful, Alicia dear!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
You wouldn't understand.
Clean Dirty Items.
Good. I've mastered dark
magic up to level 10.
I was hoping to learn a spell that
would purify Roana's drinking water,
but that one's level 25.
I guess I could just go ahead
and try a level 25 one.
Alicia, do you have a moment?
Come in.
Everyone's here to visit.
Want to join us for tea?
Alicia dear!
Liz...
So you really are Al's little sister!
Liz, you know my sister?
Yes! I helped her find her way
at the academy the other day.
You helped me on the day
of the entrance ceremony,
and then I got to help little
Alicia in the same way!
Do you think it's fate?
F-Fate?
Could you not use me as
flirting fodder, please?
I hope I'll get to spend lots more time
with you and little Alicia just like this!
It sure took her no time
to conquer my brother.
Alicia, come have a seat.
I will. Thank you very much.
We met up to decide what our class
will do for the upcoming school fair.
Oh, then I'll only be in your way if I stay.
No, people from outside the school
will be attending, as well.
If you have any ideas,
we'd love to hear them.
The school fair? Isn't that...
It's the event in the game where Prince
Duke and Liz rapidly grow closer!
As the villainess, I can't simply
stand by and let it happen, but...
What if we were to slap Liz
with a challenge as her rival?
A challenge?!
Go up to the two of them when they're
getting all lovey-dovey and say:
"A commoner like you has some nerve
getting cozy with Prince Duke!
Know your place!"
Like that.
Sounds like fun!
It's unfair to use your class against her.
That's true...
One's class is determined at birth,
and one's lineage doesn't mean a thing.
If I want to insult the heroine,
I must face her fair and square, and
remember my dignity as a villainess!
Clearly declare that the
best match for Prince Duke
is you yourself, not Liz.
That could work! It's
definitely villainess-like!
Um, but wouldn't that be...
the same as confessing
your love to Prince Duke?
Oh.
You're doing your best to
help us think of ideas!
I love that!
Shoot! I'm giving her a good impression?!
I have to do something!
So, Liz...
I've heard that you can
use all magical elements.
Yes...
How about you give a performance
on the stage using your magic?
Using magic?
How's that? A humble heroine
would hate the idea of showing
off her power like that, right?
That sounds lovely!
Huh?!
Good idea.
I bet people would go nuts for that!
Don't just instantly accept a
random suggestion like that!
Say, Alicia dear, would you
like to go on stage with me?
N-No, I'll pass.
I'm not a student of the academy.
Oh, don't worry! We can take care of that!
If you're the heroine, you should get
a clue that I don't want to do this!
I know it'll be fun! Let's
make a happy memory together!
Hey, you shouldn't push her.
I have absolutely no interest
in going on stage with you!
Huh?
A-Alicia! You didn't have to go that far!
Have I... done something
to make you dislike me?
Everyone has people they just
aren't a good match with.
There's no need for us to force
ourselves to act friendly.
Well, then, there's nothing to worry about!
If we talk with each other lots
and lots, we'll become friends.
I'm sure of it.
So don't worry.
Liz is right.
You can't decide someone isn't a good
match if you don't even know them.
Why don't you try talking
with Liz some more?
Very well, as long as I don't
have to go on stage with her.
I'm so glad!
Talking to her a bit might not be so bad...
But it was a mistake to even think that.
What's your favorite flower, Alicia dear?
Lily of the valley.
Behind their beauty lies
a very potent poison.
I like marguerite daisies.
What's your favorite sweet treat?
Macarons.
Liz has been questioning me for hours!
And can't she ask any more
meaningful questions?
Okay, and what's something you like to do?
I can't take it anymore.
This.
Is that... magic?!
Here you go. Marguerite daisies.
They're the perfect flower for
a goody-two-shoes like you.
D-Don't tell me...
Isn't Ali only...
She's only ten, yes.
I didn't know she could use magic, either.
What is this atmosphere?
A Divergent.
Alicia, go back to your room.
All of you, I'm sorry, but
would you leave for today?
What? What's going on?
Divergent? Wasn't that
supposed to be about Liz?
You don't need to worry
about a thing, Alicia dear.
Albert will do something about this.
Thank you for the beautiful
marguerite daisies.
I love their flower language.
I see.
So you can use magic, eh?
Yes, but only on a beginner level.
Most people can only use magic
after turning thirteen.
Huh?
I once knew someone myself who could use
magic at a very young age, like you.
They were praised by everyone
for their talents,
and they increased their
magic ability to level 80.
And what happened to them?
They came to ruin.
What?
They overestimated their own abilities
and tried to use level 100
magic. As a result...
their mana raged out of control, and they
were unable to ever use magic again.
No...
Alicia, remember this.
Magic must be learned in order by level.
I-I understand.
Gill. Did we wake you?
Oh, this is Alicia.
Look, she's prepared medicine for you.
Pleased to meet you, Gill. I'm
relieved to see you're all right.
I'm sorry, Alicia.
His circumstances have driven
him to shut others out.
I can't blame him.
What would Liz Cather do right now?
In flower language, the marguerite
daisy represents sincerity and trust.
That's perfect for a heroine,
and the exact opposite of me,
since I want to be a villainess.
I'm sure her kind words
would open up his heart.
Wait... Does that mean there's something
the heroine can do that I can't?
Me, the greatest villainess in history?
Hey, Gill.
Maybe you should just
die right here and now.
What?
As long as you're alive, you
can't avoid contact with people.
Do you think you can keep running
away from what scares you forever?
In fact, maybe you'd be better off if you'd
never taken that medicine and just died.
No one asked you to help me, and
now you're running your mouth?
Like a noble has any idea how I feel!
That's right. I have no idea.
We've grown up in different worlds.
But you're right that I need to take
responsibility for giving you that medicine.
So if you're truly certain
that you don't want to live,
I would be happy to kill you.
Decide. Will you live or die?
It's your choice.
Dark magic.
Huh?
Well, look at that, Gill. You can fight.
O-Of course I can! I'm not
just gonna let you kill me!
And that's good.
Huh?
So long as you hold on to that feeling,
I'll do everything in my
power to keep you alive.
I'll be your support.
If you want to leave here,
I'll take you with me.
Why would you do that for me?
Don't get the wrong idea.
It's so I can use you.
I heard you were clever, so I thought
you might prove an excellent resource.
I am a villainess, after all!
What is she talking about?
She's a bit strange, but
she's a good girl at heart.
I am not! I'm a villainess!
You're nothing like what I imagined
when I heard you were nobility.
Fine. I'll be an "excellent
resource" for you.
I don't want anyone thinking
I'm ungrateful, after all.
Thanks for the medicine,
Alicia. Glad to know you.
Oh, my!
You're actually quite the cutie
when you smile, aren't you?
Huh?! I am not!
A Divergent, eh?
I had no idea she could use magic.
Is it possible Alicia could be the Saint?
No, the Saint is most certainly Liz Cather.
No one has ever heard of a commoner
who could use all magical elements.
Alicia is also exceptional for having
the ability to use magic at age ten,
but she was born of noble blood.
It isn't a hard thing to imagine.
Yes, and as far as Liz Cather
goes, there's also the rose.
Only the one who made the
Golden Rose bloom can be
the Saint who shoulders
this kingdom's destiny.
Yes, you're right.
Joan, Arnold.
One who can use magic at such a young age is
in danger of losing control of their mana.
Observe Alicia and train her to ensure
that she can maintain control.
Of course.
Understood.
Her mana went out of control?!
Yes. Remember the magic
performance you suggested?
Liz was practicing for that when...
And... is Liz no longer able to use magic?
It doesn't look like that'll happen.
Duke and the teachers were able to
bring her mana back under control.
Thank goodness.
I need Liz to be my rival, after all.
Alicia...
You didn't know that this
would happen, did you?
Of course not! I'll beat
her fair and square!
Uh, no, you don't need to beat anyone.
But yeah, I guess not.
There's no way you could've known.
Ah, that was excellent control.
Alicia, the king has suggested
that we accelerate your entry
into the Magic Academy.
Really?!
Yes. As a special exception, you'll be
permitted to enroll at age thirteen.
Keep working hard.
I will!
I continued my training after that.
And then, three years passed.
Alicia. A pleasure to see you again.
Yes. It has been three years.
You certainly have matured.
I've been checking in on her periodically,
and she has not lost control of
her mana in the past three years.
I see. What level of magic have you reached?
Level 80.
Level 80?!
Well, now... That's more than I expected.
I approve of your enrollment
in the Magic Academy.
Also, I have a favor to ask of you.
Alicia, would you agree to
serve as Liz Cather's watcher?
Liz Cather's... watcher?